player 1
newplayer 0
sight +3
size 16000
fingers 3
language dragonian
rideable 2
class dragon:none

resistance DAMAGE_SLASH:90

# note that dragon colors are classes, so class bonuses apply on top of these!
stat strength:+4:100
stat constitution:+8:55
stat dexterity:+2:100
stat intelligence:+4:100
stat wisdom:+4:100
stat charisma:+0:110

limb torso:1::fatal,ac 2
limb head:2:torso:fatal,ac 2
limb right foreleg:3:torso:ac 1
limb left foreleg:3:torso:ac 1
limb right rear leg:3:torso:ac 1
limb left rear leg:3:torso:ac 1
limb right front claw:4:right foreleg:walk,ac 1
limb left front claw:4:left foreleg:walk,ac 1
limb right rear claw:4:right rear leg:walk,ac 1
limb left rear claw:4:left rear leg:walk,ac 1
limb tail:3:torso:ac 1
limb right wing:4:torso:fly
limb left wing:4:torso:fly
limb right horn:5:head:ac 2
limb left horn:5:head:ac 2

help physical
Dragons are known to be both strong and sturdy as well as surprisingly
intelligent. Their lizard descent lends them very keen eyesight in dark
places. Although dragons have four legs, they can easily stand on their
rear legs, using their forelegs as arms. Dragons have large wings that can be
used to fly great distances, with the exception of the Blue Dragon, who has
much smaller wings and a bigger body.
Some dragons are stronger, faster, smarter, or wiser than others.
end help

help racial
Very rarely seen, it is a mystery where the dragonkin originated from. Not
seen until late in the world of Primal Darkness, little is known of the
dragon way of life. There have been reports of Red, Black, White and Blue
dragons. Although quite aloof, the white dragon is the most loved because
of its saintly nature. The black dragon has developed a name for itself
by cruelly destroying towns and cities with it's dark magicks. Red dragons
care nothing for magic, but are feared all the more for their fierce battle
tactics. Not much is known of the blue dragon, as they are the most rare
form of dragon. They are usually only seen from great distance, their
tiny wings trying to carry the weight of the gigantic dragon through the air.
end help
