Welcome to the help file for the LPC Room Generator. This file attempts 
to help with questions about what the different fields are for in the 
generator. Put the generator program in the directory on your comp you 
wish the code to be saved in.
 
Listed below are the different fields and what they mean / do:
Filename         -the name you wish to assign to this room.
 
Room Name        -this is the set_short field.
 
Custom include   -this is the headerfile. type help header for more info
 file             on how to set up a header file that will work with the
                  generator program.
 
Room Description -this is the set_long field. It should not contain the 
                  word you anywhere in this box.
 
Lookable Items   -this is the set_items field. All items mention in the 
                  room description should be listed here. The short blank 
                  is the item, the long blank is the description of that 
                  item.
 
Listen Text      -this is the set_listen field. Enter a sound description.
                  Try not to use the word "you" here. Rooms need this.
 
Smell Text       -this is the set_smell field. Enter a scent description.
                  Try not to use the word "you" here. Rooms need this.
 
New Command      -this is the add_action field. Just enter the command that
                  works the action. Other text will have to be entered into
                  the file after the room is generated.
 
Day/Night Light  -light valuse for the set_properties command. Default 
 value            is 3/1 if you do not enter anything into the blank.
 
Safe Box         -check this if you want the room to be no attack, steal,
                  magic, etc...
 
Town Box         -check this if the room is in town.
 
Indoors Box      -check this box if this room is inside.
 
Terrain Type     -if the room is not in town, or not indoors, it must have
                  a terrain type. The types are: forest, mountain, plains,
                  dessert, and swamp. Also outdoor rooms must have a night
                  description, see below. 
 
Room Exits: Rooms: 
 
Invisible box    -check the invisible box if you want the exit to be
                  invisible.
 
Exit name        -In the Exit name field enter north, south, east, 
                  west, etc...
 
Filename         -In the Filename to go to enter the name of the file 
                  that exit leads to.
 
Optional Fields:
 
night description -this is the set_night_long field. Fill this in for
                   an alternate night description of your room. If your
                   room is outside it Must have a night description.
 
Monsters:
 
The ID blank      -put the mob's id here. Look in the mob code for the set_id
                   and use the same name here.
  
The filename      -name of the mob file.
 blank
  
objects:
 
The ID blank      -put the objects id here. Look in the object code for the 
                   set_id and use the same name here.
 
The filename      -name of the object file.
  blank
 
 
All files mentioned here should be <filename.c> except for the custom include
file which should be <filename.h> If you have any other question about the 
generator program ask Nightshade. If you have other coding questions, ask
one of the admins or read the docs on building.
