These are the rules you must abide by on Primal Darkness:
 
1. You may not harass anyone. If they ask you to stop, just apologize
   and be nice. This is supposed to be a fun experience. There is a harass
   log. The punishment for harassment varies but is never taken lightly.
 
2. The Primal Darkness Staff is not allowed to help mortals in any way 
   unless it is to fix some kind of bug. Any player and or staff member 
   who breaks this rule will be instantly rid and banned for life. All of
   the Staff are to be respected.
 
3. Although we try hard to make sure everything in the game works right,
   sometimes the code has unforseen bugs. Exploiting bugs is not allowed.
   Any who exploits bugs shall have all their characters delete for 
   cheating. If you find a bug, use the bug command to report it and never
   try to use the bug again. A bug may consist of but is not limited to:
   gaining experience from doing nothing; advancing skills, stats, or 
   levels without using exp or doing a quest; fighting a mob that doesn't
   fight back; casting a spell on an object repeatedly to gain exp; 
   selling an item over and over and it does not leave your inventory;
   buying an item at a shop for 0 money; etc...
 
4. ***PK IS BANNED UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE***
   Player killing is allowed on Primal Darkness. There is a justice system
   in play and it is always evolving. Multiple PKs of the same character is
   harassment. Going on a PK spree is harassment.*
 
5. It is illegal to give away any quest/mini quest information for any
   reason. Quests may be done with another player, but both players must be
   activly questing. You may not finish a quest, and the other person just
   solves the end of it. The location of a subclass hall is mini quest info.
 
6. Multi-Playing is illegal. You may not be logged in with more than one
   character at any given time. With the exception of immortals and test 
   characters. You may not log in with one character, to get weapons or
   any other items for your alternates. Any violation of this rule will be
   met with character deletion.
 
7. Spamming lines, says, tells, lines, boards, or any other form of 
   communication is not allowed. Spamming is repeating something over 
   and over to annoy others. Sapmming is harassment.
 
8. The auction line: Do not continually bid on an item you have put up for 
   auction, if you put something up for auction, bid on it once for the minimum
   price you wish to sell it for and do not bid on it again. Do not put
   worthless items such as stones, oil, meat, or things of this nature
   up for auction. Do not continually try to auction the same item over and
   over. If no one bids on your item the first time around, you should wait at
   least 10 minutes before putting that item up for auction again.
 
9. Profane language on open lines and boards is not allowed. Using it in 
   says, tells and on party lines is ok as long as it does not get out of 
   hand. If someone asks to stop using that language to them or around 
   them, please respect their wishes. If you repeatedly ignore someone 
   asking you to stop using the profanity around them, it becomes harassment.
 
10. Stealing kills is against the rules. If someone is killing a mob go find
   another to kill. You can't join them, help them, take their kill while 
   they rest one room away, or loot the corpse when they are done unless 
   you are partied together.
 
11. Scripting while away from the keyboard is not allowed. If you are going
   to play you must be at the keyboard while doing anything. If you are not
   at your keyboard, your character should be idle. There are no exceptions
   to this rule.
 
12. Please do not put down other muds here. Do not compare our mud to others
   on the lines. We have worked hard and hope you enjoy it. N one here cares
   if you think X mud is better or worse than this one. No one cares what you
   did on another mud. This mud is for playing and having fun; not bashing
   other muds; not bashing this mud; not bashing other games players, admins,
   etc. Just have fun and follow the rules. 
 
  
  Note that ignorance of these rules is not an excuse nor a reason why you
  should not be susceptible to the consequences. That means that either not
  understanding why a certain rule exsists, what that rule means, or simply
  not knowing that rule exsisted. The breaking of a rule will be punished,
  regardless if you knew you were breaking a rule or not.
  If there are any violations or other issues concerning these rules,
  please contact an admin.
