
Overall: looks good. Would recommend more room descs for roads and houses,
it seemed like there was a lot of repetition there. Also recommend a few more
mobs to populate the roads with, right now it seems like it's a city of
just teenagers. Lastly, I don't know how else to say this, but this area
is very.... gay. You describe a lot of men in detail (and as being "toned"),
there aren't very many women around town (mostly cause all the teens and
youngsters are male), and the women are mostly not described in the same
level of detail. I'm fine with that really, just wanted to let you know
the impression I got. I liked the naked guys whistling at the naked girls
on the beach too, very comical.


Rooms:

22 (adventurer hall):
add set_properties( (["no attack" : 1, "no steal" : 1, "no bump" : 1, ]) );

26 (weapon shop):
"Counters and wall mounts an assortment of the things..."
doesn't make sense

27 (supply shop):
sign on counter telling noobs that they're stupid :P

15 (a road):
"lamp post" in long desc but item is "lamppost"

107 (a house):
look bookcase -> "...has 5 shelves on it..." this makes me think there is some
significance here when there isn't
look duster -> "...Perhaps the maid was murdered..." kind of comes out of
nowhere, also implies a quest/deed that doesn't seem to exist

88 (docks):
look dinghy -> "... hasn't been sailed..." s/sailed/used/, you don't sail a rowboat

101 (beach):
look flags -> missing a . on the end

dock:
Should probably have a unique description



Mobs:

All mobs have too much gold - make it appropriate to what they would carry
more like 4+random(30) on teens, merchants can have even 25+random(200) though

Too many mobs are warriors

not much diff between 'youngsters' and 'teenagers', perhaps give teens
a higher level, like 3+random(4)

arlonyoungster3:
arlonteenager3:
would probably not make it known that he is "training" to become a rogue,
also you need two daggers to use slice

cityguard:
"The guard is a police officer... and it would not be wise to mess with them"

horse:
use horsefixed.c (and saddlefixed.c) so horse and centaurs can wear the saddle

zatrick:
"Cauldrons" shouldn't be capitalized

arlonhusband:
why is he wearing chainmail??
should be a level difference between him and teenagers

shoppers:
should be higher level too, basically adults' levels > teens' levels

floppingfish:
should probably be a very low level... since it's not even in water


Items:

diamondbracelet:
ac == 0 or 1

legwraps:
ac == 1 or 2

mageweaveshirt:
nowhere is it described what 'mageweave' is...

saddle:
use saddlefixed instead, ac == 1

silkshirt:
"...it is very fancing looking..."

sharpsword:
"...in a very unspecial way.." gotta be a better way to say that

thornedspear:
should probably make this two-handed since it has a special AND 3 WC
the weapon special is done wrong, see
/d/freepk/merkkerri/mob/merkkirri/ivorydagger.c for an example
the write() and say() in the special should say the same basic thing,
not different things like it does

woodenstaff:
wc == 3 max
