Artanis inducted Wisp into illuminati.
Angus inducted Khale into forsaken.
Artanis inducted Darth into illuminati.
Angus inducted Besnell into forsaken.
Lucifer inducted Lestat into forsaken.
Wraith inducted Faust into darksoul.
Lucifer inducted Lestat into forsaken.
Lucifer inducted Eios into forsaken.
Angus inducted Senkai into forsaken.
Lucifer inducted Nexus into forsaken.
Angus inducted Yaksha into forsaken.
Wraith inducted Kymas into darksoul.
Wraith inducted Ashram into darksoul.
Makaveli inducted Whit into blackforce.
Faust inducted Ashram into darksoul.
Faust inducted Rathe into darksoul.
Leviathas inducted Hepualahaole into unholy.
Lucifer inducted Eios into forsaken.
Leviathas inducted Whit into unholy.
Leviathas inducted Aeris into unholy.
Leviathas inducted Whit into unholy.
Leviathas inducted Whit into unholy.
Lucifer inducted Loki into forsaken.
Leviathas inducted Furion into unholy.
Aziraphale inducted Loki into illuminati.
Eios inducted Pink into forsaken.
Wisp inducted Cookie into illuminati.
Artanis inducted Lich into illuminati.
Artanis inducted Kilir into illuminati.
Faust inducted Rhuan into darksoul.
Lucifer inducted Shogun into forsaken.
Aziraphale inducted Betrayal into illuminati.
Lucifer inducted Gilthoniel into forsaken.
Leviathas inducted Calirynth into unholy.
Azire inducted Kartoffel into illuminati.
Artanis inducted Atilla into illuminati.
Wraith inducted Stryder into darksoul.
Lucifer inducted Zom into forsaken.
Wraith inducted Goten into darksoul.
Jekhar inducted Stormbringer into chosen.
Wraith inducted Stormbringer into AoD.
Wraith inducted Stormbringer into AoD.
Whit inducted Wraith into blackforce.
Jekhar inducted Eios into chosen.
Aziraphale inducted Halo into illuminati.
Jekhar inducted Sanguinus into chosen.
Jack inducted Tepes into AoD.
Jack inducted Stryder into AoD.
Jack inducted Wisp into AoD.
Jack inducted Cookie into AoD.
Faust inducted Stormbringer into darksoul.
Faust inducted Boffa into darksoul.
Lac inducted Yaksha into forsaken.
Lac inducted Zechs into forsaken.
Lac inducted Haraldhardraade into forsaken.
Soulfly inducted Setzer into AoD.
Faust inducted Gromph into darksoul.
Aziraphale inducted Halo into illuminati.
Halo inducted Zeus into illuminati.
Lac inducted Alibaba into forsaken.
Gabriel inducted Azire into illuminati.
Soulfly inducted Amen into AoD.
Lac inducted Wolfspirit into forsaken.
Jack inducted Scarface into AoD.
Jack inducted Neocount into AoD.
Lac inducted Rifnar into forsaken.
Jack inducted Hermes into AoD.
Jack inducted Elathius into AoD.
Faust inducted Whit into darksoul.
Faust inducted Kalohe into darksoul.
Lac inducted Aximili into forsaken.
Soulfly inducted Doobie into AoD.
Makaveli inducted Artanis into blackforce.
Soulfly inducted Hermes into AoD.
Dragona inducted Lioyd into blackforce.
Lucifer inducted Shimmy into forsaken.
Lac inducted Glec into forsaken.
Yakko inducted Bofa into darksoul.
Lac inducted Archeon into forsaken.
Aziraphale inducted Prometheus into illuminati.
Jack inducted Dagmar into AoD.
Lucifer inducted Mochaprincess into forsaken.
Gabriel inducted Halogen into illuminati.
Faust inducted Joey into darksoul.
Faust inducted Joey into darksoul.
Jekhar inducted Egel into chosen.
Lac inducted Test into forsaken.
Boffa inducted Test into darksoul.
Boffa inducted Test into darksoul.
Lucifer inducted Test into forsaken.
Lucifer inducted Test into forsaken.
Faust inducted Druss into darksoul.
Leviathas inducted Hepualahaole into unholy.
Faust inducted Joy into darksoul.
